This fee is expelled and you still talk about investing forward.
At this stage, I thought he was still a big person.
Just leave the car on the street as usual
In fact, my heart is already dead
Opinions are closer
Explain that there is a purpose on the leaves
It will not be enough in the future.
Since you are calling, how do you call?
From the desktop meeting, we all got confused.
Thank you for talking to me.
This is the result of offending me
I guess you are looking forward to this cooperation with Bieli.
My mom, forget it and come later
Then I saw Mr. Fu
You will definitely say a few words for each eye
I remember it was so candid
I will definitely work hard in the future, eh, eh, eh, who eh, eh?
You say it’s a happy mentality
I laugh at you because of your offended mood
What are you doing to me again?
The vice president suddenly wants to cancel all the next training sessions
From resuming to training
Unwilling to cooperate with others
It's a pity that I need the guest's.
What to do
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no